# Domain-specific Collaboration and Networking

## Project Name: <strong> Circles </strong>

Professional social networking and collaboration are the most essential aspects to continue building a successful career. Social collaborative platforms to support professional collaboration have had more than 1 billion active users worldwide through professional social networking applications for mutual connections and benefits. The existing applications, such as LinkedIn and Meetup, enable professionals to be mutually beneficial from social connections in the industry for their current and future careers. The existing social applications do not support sophisticated functionalities to relate to each other based on their professional backgrounds and interests in specific projects for professional collaboration. Thus, users cannot obtain professional cross-domain project experience since the applications do not provide recommendations based on their interests and backgrounds. Therefore, there is a need for a platform that enables users to interact with other users who have mutual interests in a particular area and project ideas in collusion. This project proposes a platform that recommends customers to join multiple domain-specific groups considering similar academic and professional interests to share and gain related insights, trends, and perspectives in this field of expertise. The application utilizes a recommendation system (collaborative filtering technique) to measure similarities between users based on their domain interests. The system enables users to create a new project or contribute to an existing group project hosted by another user. The existing roles are recommended to the users based on several factors such as the users’ domain interests, skills, job description, past experience, etc. The proposed platform provides a cross-domain real-world project experience for professionals in corresponding fields.
